first of all you put my fuck ton of
butter in like as much as you want if
you want to make slow difficulties put
those notes but I really don't wanna
make those cookies just put a little bit
about it then it should be fine much as
you want I was fell anymore i needed to
because i want my kisses sweet but you
put in the sugar and then you kind of
mix it into its cool kind of melted in
with the butter system a creamy just put
a fuck ton of sugar in it should come
creamy so have your mixture looking a
bit like this kind of creamy yellow
curls like sick now i'm adding cinnamon
to it i may add some more they ever
cinnamon really like mixer cookies like
tastes pretty fucking nice we are an egg
oh shit oh God that wasn't supposed to
do that oh god don't do that don't do
that I just built that everywhere oh
shit so once you clean up your shit
performance you mix this into the
disgusting ball of sick when you add
your chocolate chips but I don't have
chocolate chips I have chocolate hearts
because I'm a kawaii ass motherfucker i
also have stars now you mix the ball
super kawaii sick now you add more
cinnamon
lovely now you add the flour to this
mess and you stir it until the contents
of trouble Joey kind of sick yeah lovely
more sick now you could just stop here
and eat the cookie dough and not make
aggies but you might get salmonella
poisoning but fuck that please if you do
get some of them kids assume you have no
money now you put it on table thingy
will work so this kind of smoosh it and
put it in flour like this I just all my
shit together like someone you hate yeah
that's someone you hate right there why
don't you got all the smashing now you
can just roll it out like this look at
that then swishing that bitch switch in
that bitch bitch bitch once you've
rolled it out very nice now you can
choose a cookie cutter to cut them out
with I don't normally use a couch i just
use this cup it's like that like yeah
cuz they make them big and i don't have
time to party because to the quite big
fucking cookies so you want to make
smaller cookie then you'll have small
cookies but i like my cookies big kids
you know go big or go home you know now
cut all my cookie dough and well if
you're wondering why is one massive
fucking cookie des because i had too
much dough and i don't want to put like
two who's on one massive baking tray
it's just not cool and I thought have
time for it put the cookies
Denver's mama now put your keys in for
about 11 minutes so they're kind of
crispy kind of soft at the same time
because the dishes the living I don't go
on your surface as bad check these bad
boys out the oven they smell delicious
okay I was making all these fresh
cookies that's coming straight at the
oven because i'm stupid and they smell
nice these are boiling hot by the way I
leave them to 22 cool could i spoiling
home well if you try actually do it for
this recipe please tell me because I
don't make me feel amazing and maybe you
think you might wanna try these just
leave a comment